📝 Update README upgrade docs to include `@percy/migrate` (#254)
percy/percy-puppeteer: README.md

## Upgrading

### Automatically with `@percy/migrate`

> We have built a package to help automate migrating to the new CLI
> toolchain. Migrating can be done by running the following commands and following
> the prompts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We built a tool to help automate migrating to the new CLI toolchain! Migrating 
can be done by running the following commands and following the prompts:
```
